surely not that can't be a tweak that
takes less than a minute that's going to
increase sales leads for your website
right hey i'm sam dunning co-owner over
at webchoiceuk.com and host of the top
100 marketing podcast business growth
show all right so this tweak is super
super easy in fact it could take
yourself or your web developer under one
minute to update across your website and
all you need to do is change the
description of your call to action
buttons what's a call to action well a
call to action is one of the buttons on
your website that typically will drive a
person a visitor to take some kind of
action whether that is request a
proposal book a demo book a free quote
contact you whatever it may be so my
friend so hardy over at blue sparrow
apps did this change on his website and
his website leads actually went up 200
percent over the last few months it just
proves it works we follow our web choice
and advise many of our customers to do
the same on their sites
so many sites have
call to actions that are not what we
call descriptive
so they're not very clear
as to what happens when you press the
button what you're going to get in
return
so that could be something like learn
more or contact or find out more
or submit or something very vague and
not too clear instead
i suggest you to change a call to action
to describe exactly what someone gets by
clicking this button so in our case of
webchoice we use get a free quote some
people might say book your free
assessment or purchase this guide now so
all it is is just telling someone
exactly what they're gonna get by
clicking the button
gives them a bit more confidence and
encourages them to
go ahead and take that action all right
so here's a quick example of a
descriptive call to action in play on
our own site at webchoice so you can see
we've got get a free quote it's an
orange button so you can make it a
standout color as well from the rest of
your site so it's easily visible and
people can't miss it and as you can see
as we scroll down it's fixed to the menu
here
another little bonus tip as well as
using your main call to action whether
that is in your menu section whether
that's in your website hero area at the
top of your home page is
on any inquiry form whether that's a
demo request an assessment request a
quote request whatever kind of forms you
have on your website
instead of once someone goes through all
the filling out all the fields instead
of just hitting submit again tell them
exactly what they're going to get by
giving you their data by giving you
their details so in our case get a free
quote instead of submit and you'll be
surprised at how changing your call to
actions from generic requests to
descriptive and telling people exactly
what they're going to get is going to
help you increase your leads over time
and there we have it i hope this super
easy tip for your website was of use and
you can get your descriptive
call-to-actions into play from today to
increase those all-important juicy
inbound sales leads
and with that if you enjoyed the episode
do hit that subscribe button and we
shall catch you on the next one